Indices can also include stocks based on
whether companies are considered growth or value stocks.
So, what's a growth stock,
and what's a value stock?
A growth stock tends to have high growth in
sales or earnings and potential for future growth.
For example, if a company creates new ways for people to make
purchases with bitcoin or new ways for people to commute to work,
it might be considered a growth stock because
of its potential for increased future sales.
A value stock tends to be a mature company that has stable sales, revenue, and earnings.
For example, a company that sells
household and bathroom products may have a stable flow of earnings,
but has fewer expectations for rapid growth.